/Users/georgerosar/Documents/GitHub/iridescentCoconutSynth/arm-gnu-toolchain-12.2.mpacbti-bet1-darwin-x86_64-arm-none-eabi/bin/arm-none-eabi-g++ 
-mcpu=cortex-m7 
-mfloat-abi=hard 
-mfpu=fpv5-d16 
-mthumb 
-Tbuild-SHAREDLIB/link.ld 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/mpstate.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/nlr.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/nlrx86.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/nlrx64.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/nlrthumb.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/nlraarch64.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/nlrpowerpc.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/nlrxtensa.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/nlrsetjmp.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/malloc.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/gc.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/pystack.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/qstr.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/vstr.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/mpprint.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/unicode.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/mpz.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/reader.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/lexer.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/parse.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/scope.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/compile.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/emitcommon.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/emitbc.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/asmbase.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/asmx64.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/emitnx64.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/asmx86.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/emitnx86.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/asmthumb.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/emitnthumb.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/emitinlinethumb.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/asmarm.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/emitnarm.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/asmxtensa.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/emitnxtensa.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/emitinlinextensa.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/emitnxtensawin.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/formatfloat.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/parsenumbase.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/parsenum.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/emitglue.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/persistentcode.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/runtime.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/runtime_utils.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/scheduler.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/nativeglue.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/pairheap.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/ringbuf.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/stackctrl.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/argcheck.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/warning.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/profile.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/map.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/obj.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objarray.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objattrtuple.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objbool.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objboundmeth.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objcell.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objclosure.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objcomplex.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objdeque.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objdict.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objenumerate.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objexcept.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objfilter.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objfloat.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objfun.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objgenerator.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objgetitemiter.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objint.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objint_longlong.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objint_mpz.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objlist.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objmap.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objmodule.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objobject.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objpolyiter.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objproperty.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objnone.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objnamedtuple.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objrange.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objreversed.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objset.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objsingleton.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objslice.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objstr.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objstrunicode.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objstringio.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objtuple.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objtype.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/objzip.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/opmethods.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/sequence.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/stream.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/binary.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/builtinimport.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/builtinevex.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/builtinhelp.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/modarray.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/modbuiltins.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/modcollections.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/modgc.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/modio.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/modmath.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/modcmath.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/modmicropython.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/modstruct.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/modsys.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/moduerrno.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/modthread.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/vm.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/bc.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/showbc.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/repl.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/smallint.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/py/frozenmod.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/build-SHAREDLIB/frozen_content.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/moduasyncio.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/moductypes.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/modujson.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/moduos.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/modure.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/moduzlib.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/moduheapq.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/modutimeq.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/moduhashlib.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/moducryptolib.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/modubinascii.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/virtpin.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/machine_bitstream.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/machine_mem.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/machine_pinbase.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/machine_signal.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/machine_pulse.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/machine_pwm.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/machine_i2c.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/machine_spi.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/modbluetooth.o
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/modlwip.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/modussl_axtls.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/modussl_mbedtls.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/moduplatform.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/modurandom.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/moduselect.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/moduwebsocket.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/modwebrepl.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/modframebuf.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/vfs.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/vfs_blockdev.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/vfs_reader.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/vfs_posix.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/vfs_posix_file.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/vfs_fat.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/vfs_fat_diskio.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/vfs_fat_file.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/vfs_lfs.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/utime_mphal.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/uos_dupterm.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/shared/libc/abort_.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/shared/libc/printf.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/__cos.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/__expo2.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/__fpclassify.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/__rem_pio2.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/__rem_pio2_large.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/__signbit.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/__sin.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/__tan.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/acos.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/acosh.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/asin.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/asinh.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/atan.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/atan2.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/atanh.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/ceil.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/copysign.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/cos.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/cosh.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/erf.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/exp.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/expm1.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/floor.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/fmod.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/frexp.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/ldexp.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/lgamma.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/log.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/log10.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/log1p.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/modf.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/nearbyint.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/pow.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/rint.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/round.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/scalbn.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/sin.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/sinh.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/tan.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/tanh.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/tgamma.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/trunc.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/libm_dbl/thumb_vfp_sqrt.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_adc.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_cache.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_clock.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_common.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_dmamux.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_edma.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_flexram.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_flexspi.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_gpio.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_gpt.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_lpi2c.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_lpspi.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_lpspi_edma.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_lpuart.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_pit.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_pwm.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_sai.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_snvs_lp.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_trng.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_wdog.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/system_MIMXRT1062.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/xip/fsl_flexspi_nor_boot.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_usdhc.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_qtmr.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/nxp_driver/sdk/devices/MIMXRT1062/drivers/fsl_enet.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/hal/phy/device/phydp83825/fsl_phydp83825.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/hal/phy/device/phydp83848/fsl_phydp83848.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/hal/phy/device/phyksz8081/fsl_phyksz8081.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/hal/phy/device/phylan8720/fsl_phylan8720.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/hal/phy/mdio/enet/fsl_enet_mdio.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/board_init.o build-SHAREDLIB/boards/MIMXRT1062_clock_config.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/dma_manager.o build-SHAREDLIB/drivers/bus/softspi.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/drivers/dht/dht.o build-SHAREDLIB/eth.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/modnetwork.o build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/modonewire.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/extmod/modusocket.o build-SHAREDLIB/fatfs_port.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/hal/pwm_backport.o build-SHAREDLIB/led.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/machine_adc.o build-SHAREDLIB/machine_bitstream.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/machine_i2c.o build-SHAREDLIB/machine_i2s.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/machine_led.o build-SHAREDLIB/machine_pin.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/machine_rtc.o build-SHAREDLIB/machine_sdcard.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/machine_spi.o build-SHAREDLIB/machine_timer.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/machine_uart.o build-SHAREDLIB/machine_wdt.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/mbedtls/mbedtls_port.o build-SHAREDLIB/mimxrt_flash.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/mimxrt_sdram.o build-SHAREDLIB/modmachine.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/modmimxrt.o build-SHAREDLIB/modutime.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/mpnetworkport.o build-SHAREDLIB/network_lan.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/pendsv.o build-SHAREDLIB/pin.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/sdcard.o build-SHAREDLIB/shared/readline/readline.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/shared/runtime/gchelper_native.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/shared/runtime/interrupt_char.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/shared/runtime/mpirq.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/shared/runtime/pyexec.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/shared/runtime/stdout_helpers.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/shared/runtime/sys_stdio_mphal.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/shared/timeutils/timeutils.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/systick.o build-SHAREDLIB/ticks.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/hal/flexspi_nor_flash.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/hal/qspi_nor_flash_config.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/main.o build-SHAREDLIB/mphalport.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/shared/runtime/gchelper_m3.o  
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/oofatfs/ff.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/oofatfs/ffunicode.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/littlefs/lfs2.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/littlefs/lfs2_util.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls_errors/mp_mbedtls_errors.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/aes.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/aesni.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/arc4.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/asn1parse.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/asn1write.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/base64.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/bignum.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/blowfish.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/camellia.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/ccm.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/certs.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/chacha20.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/chachapoly.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/cipher.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/cipher_wrap.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/cmac.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/ctr_drbg.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/debug.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/des.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/dhm.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/ecdh.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/ecdsa.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/ecjpake.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/ecp.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/ecp_curves.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/entropy.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/entropy_poll.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/gcm.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/havege.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/hmac_drbg.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/md2.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/md4.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/md5.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/md.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/md_wrap.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/oid.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/padlock.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/pem.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/pk.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/pkcs11.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/pkcs12.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/pkcs5.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/pkparse.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/pk_wrap.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/pkwrite.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/platform.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/platform_util.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/poly1305.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/ripemd160.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/rsa.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/rsa_internal.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/sha1.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/sha256.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/sha512.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/ssl_cache.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/ssl_ciphersuites.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/ssl_cli.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/ssl_cookie.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/ssl_srv.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/ssl_ticket.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/ssl_tls.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/timing.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/x509.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/x509_create.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/x509_crl.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/x509_crt.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/x509_csr.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/x509write_crt.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/x509write_csr.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/mbedtls/library/xtea.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/shared/netutils/netutils.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/apps/mdns/mdns.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/def.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/dns.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/inet_chksum.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/init.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ip.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/mem.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/memp.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/netif.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/pbuf.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/raw.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/stats.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/sys.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/tcp.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/tcp_in.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/tcp_out.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/timeouts.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/udp.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv4/autoip.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv4/dhcp.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv4/etharp.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv4/icmp.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv4/igmp.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv4/ip4_addr.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv4/ip4.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv4/ip4_frag.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv6/dhcp6.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv6/ethip6.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv6/icmp6.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv6/inet6.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv6/ip6_addr.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv6/ip6.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv6/ip6_frag.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv6/mld6.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/core/ipv6/nd6.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/lib/lwip/src/netif/ethernet.o 
build-SHAREDLIB/pins_gen.o 
-lTeensyStreamLib 
-lTeensyWire 
-lTeensySerialFlash 
-lTeensySPI 
-lTeensyDebug 
-lz 
-lm 
-lTeensy41Core 
-larm_cortexM7lfsp_math 
-lstdc++ 
-o build-SHAREDLIB/micropython.elf